Chapter One: Encounter

Today was my first day of class at University. My friend recommended that I try my hand at a couple of classes to see if I could regain the past I had lost. If I still couldn’t remember anything, at least I’d be doing something productive. 

“Of course getting an education will help you live a better life down the line,” John told me, “but it’ll also help take your mind of things.”

He was right. 

John was a member of the US Special Forces. He took part in a mission to apprehend the leader of a major terrorist organization multiple governments were attempting to track down. Near the end of the mission, his squadron, thinking they had cornered the coalition’s major actors, had realized they had been led into a trap. The terrorists, lying await inside the room, had rigged themselves with explosives. Having opened the door, John’s squadron braced themselves, preparing for the inevitable. But there was no explosion. The entire room was indeed splattered with blood, as if the terrorists had blew themselves up. But there were no bodies in the room. Nothing but a boy laying unconscious in the centre, with a single strand of sunlight, passing through the cracks of the wall, illuminating his face. That boy was me.

Two months later and I still remember nothing before I woke up in the hospital. To this day, John thinks I was a saviour sent from god to kill the terrorists and save his squadron. But that’s ridiculous. I don’t even know how to fire a gun, let alone fight. John’s tried many times to get me to spar with him. He told me that if he pushed me hard enough, my combatant instincts from my past might kick in. Well, it hasn’t happened yet. Besides, even if it does, judging by what he said I did to those terrorists, I might risk ending him in an instant. I told him that. In response, he blitzed me into a fence, ending me in an instant. 

The night I checked into the hospital, a cardboard box was delivered to its doorsteps. 

“In lieu of hearts down Hiways flew
 The young’un care not diddly doo 
 But twice the flight reach them well fed
 You will all be ______ dead.”  - 111-Deus

Nobody knows who delivered the box. No footprints led to the doorsteps. There were no finger prints left on the cardboard. And the security footage conveniently shut down for that period of time. 

Inside the box were some gloves, some rope, some glass coke bottles, a piece of cloth…nothing was really out of the ordinary except this one object. It was a picture of a girl. She had big blue eyes, a sharp nose and straight hair that fell to her waist. In the picture, she wore a gothic gown reminiscent of what aristocrats wore in official family portraits. You know, like the photos you see of famous scientists, writers, and actors on Encyclopedia Brittanica. The numbers, 08.23.56 was inscribed faintly at the bottom right corner of the photo. The girl in the photo must have died long before I was born. However, every time I look at the photo, my head tingles, as if it’s trying to remember something. But when I focus on exactly what I’m trying to remember, the feeling disappears. Its the memory beckoning me into participating in a game of tag. I feel a tap on the back of my shoulder only to reach behind and grasp at nothing but thin air. Even though I don’t know who’s in the photo, it’s my most important possession. A potential connection to who I was in the past. Were it not for that photo, John could have told me I was born two months ago and I would have believed him. 

Also, she’s smoking hot. Who wouldn’t want to keep a picture of someone like that? 

I spent the last two months loitering around John’s house. I told him I needed some time to process my thoughts.

“You’re just procrastinating. Just thinking about it won’t do you any good. Go out there and maybe you’ll find other things like that photo. Maybe you’ll even figure out how you killed all those bad guys,” went John. 

Classic John. Still going on about how I took down those terrorists. There isn’t any proof that I was the one who did it. Heck, no one saw me do anything. Anyways, none of that matters. He kicked me out of the house and used his connections to get me into a public university. And that brings me to my first class: ECE 106, Electricity and Magnetism. 

“Welcome to ECE 106,” began the professor, “I’m sure you’ve all heard of Quantum Theory?” 

Huh? My head begins to tingle. *ring* *ring* Out of the corner of my eye, I spot a figure walking down the aisle on the opposite side of the lecture hall. I turned to face her directly to get a closer look.  Black straight hair that fell all the way to her waist *ring* ring*. Blue eyes. A sharp nose. No, it couldn’t be. She swivels her head and makes eye contact with me.

*RING* RING* 

Suddenly, the tingle in my head turns into an acute pain. It hurt so much, I let out a barely contained squeal. Feeling the eyes of the entire class on me, I excuse myself and exit the classroom. I’m so delirious…I can barely form any coherent thoughts…I need to call John now. I hear the door behind me open. I turn around and see the girl is now right in front of me. She stares at me with those azure coloured eyes for what seems like an eternity; and then they widen. This girl definitely knows something that I don’t. And judging by what the pain in my head is telling me, I need to get away from her. She’s dangerous. But it hurts so much, my body isn’t doing what I tell it to do. She extends her hand, reaching out for me. I brace myself for what’s to come. 

“Are you alright???” 

